README for Eng Utils

USING ENG UTILS:

    The only thing you need to do is run the setup program
    for Eng Utils to install it on your computer. It will 
    add Start Menu and Desktop icons for the program.

    All the stuff it needs to run, including the Python
    interpreter, is bundled in the installer.


MAKING CHANGES TO ENG UTILS:

    The installer will typically install to C:\EngUtils

    This folder will contain another folder called EngUtils,
    which contains the actual program source code.

    So just go in to C:\EngUtils\EngUtils and you will see 
    several files. The important files are:

        utils.py - This contains the actual calculation functions, 
                   and this is the file you modify to add
                   another tab to the program.

        common.py - Used by utils.py for setting up the graphical interface.
                    You typically wont have to touch this file

    You may make changes to these python files, and when you run
    the program again, by double clicking C:\EngUtils\EngUtils.exe
    or by using the desktop or start-menu icon, then your changes
    should show up.

    HOWEVER, you need to be careful, because if you modify these files,
    then run "Setup Eng Utils.exe" again, the installer will overwrite
    your changes with the files contained in the installer.

    So...

INCORPORATING CHANGES IN TO A NEW INSTALLER

    Building a new installer program is fairly simple, and comprises
    4 main steps:

    1) Install development tools (only needed once).
       Go in to the folder "INSTALL THESE" and double-click
       the INSTALL.bat file. This should launch each necessary
       setup program, one after the other. Complete each setup
       program accepting all defaults.

    2) Make changes to the Python files in the "EngUtils" folder which
       is in the same folder as this readme file.

       Test that your changes work by running Eng Utils from *this* folder.
           (Not by using the installed version of Eng Utils.
            I.e. don't click the desktop icon for Eng Utils and
            expect changes made here to show up... The installed
            version only uses the files in the installation directory,
            typically C:\EngUtils\EngUtils.)

       The way you run Eng Utils from THIS folder is by right-clicking
       the main.py file and selecting "Edit with IDLE". This should
       open main.py in a Python editing window.

       Press F5 to run the program.

    3) Update program version string.

       There is a file called version.txt in the "EngUtils" folder (next
       to all the python files) that contains the program version number.

       Open version.txt in Notepad or some other text editor and increase
       the version number to whatever you want. Typically just increment
       the last part of the version number by one. e.g. 2.0.1 becomes 2.0.2

       It won't cause problems if you omit this step - it's just good practice
       to have a version number that is updated whenever the code is updated.

    4) Rebuild the installer using the updated files.

       Double-click the REBUILD_SETUP.py program. This should pop up a DOS box
       and run through a series of automated steps which produces the 
       installer.

       Assuming REBUILD_SETUP.py reported success, there should now be a
       "Setup Eng Utils.exe" file in the same folder as this readme file.

       If "Setup Eng Utils.exe" was already there, it will have been
       overwritten  with the new version.

       This installer may be copied to any computer that you want to use
       Eng Utils on.


-Eric
